algorithms/searching/binary/README.md, before:

# Binary Search

This is an example of binary search with integers. Instead of complicating
this with interfaces and reflection, I find it best to use integers to
illustrate the concept.

With Binary Search, the goal is to constantly work on smaller data sets in
order to limit the number of guesses one must make. Based on the size of
the array (slice) we're searching, we can quickly find an answer by
guessing the number in the middle of our maximum and minimum numbers. So
for instance, if we have:

```
[1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7]
```

And the number we're looking for is 5 then in a linear search it would
take us 5 guesses to get there. With binary search, it would only take us 3
guesses:

First Guess: Index at 3 --- Since our number is higher than 4, we discard
the first half and our new set becomes [5, 6, 7].

Second Guess: Index at 5 --- Since our number is less than 6, we discard
the upper half of the set leaving us with only one more number in the set
[5].

Third Guess: Index at 4 --- This matches our number and we are done.

## Time Complexity

This search is defined as running O(lg n) as it exponentially gets better.

Commit message:

README updates to existing modules. Trying to get the descriptions all up to date with this commit as well as a uniform display for time complexities. Also nice to get a brief refresher on some of these things.

algorithms/searching/binary/README.md, after:

# Binary Search

With Binary Search, the goal is to constantly work on smaller data sets in
order to limit the number of guesses one must make. Based on the size of
the array (slice) we're searching, we can quickly find an answer by
guessing the number in the middle of our maximum and minimum numbers. So
for instance, if we have:

```
[1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7]
```

And the number we're looking for is 5 then in a linear search it would
take us 5 guesses to get there. With binary search, it would only take us 3
guesses:

- We find that the middle index of the list is 3
- The value at index 3 is 4. Since our value we wish to find (5) is larger
  than 4, we discard the first half leaving the new set as `[5, 6, 7]`.
- We find the new middle index of the list is 5 (based on the original list)
- The value at index 5 is 6. Since our value we wish to find (5) is less than
  6, we discard the upper half of the set leaving the new set as `[5]`.
- The remaining middle index is at 4 and that value is 5, the number we are
  looking for.

## Time Complexity

| Case      | Complexity  |
| --------- |:-----------:|
| Find      | `O(lg n)`   |
